Syria says at least 16 people have been
killed and what it says were a series of
Israeli air strikes State media say five
sites were targeted including scientific
research centers monitoring
organizations say that one of the sites
in the city of msaf was housing
pro-iranian weapons experts our Middle
East correspondent Huga MAA has the
latest there has been a sharp increase
uh in the number of Israeli attacks
targeting locations inside Syria since
the beginning of the war in Gaza almost
a year ago and many of those locations
are weapons and ammunitions depos also
facilities being used by uh Iran and uh
Iranian supported proxies uh such as
Hezbollah here in Lebanon which is the
main group in this Alliance of of
factions across the Middle East
supported by Iran the so-called axes of
resistance so obviously one of the main
goals here in this campaign is to try to
disrupt uh this uh infrastructure that
has been set up uh to supply these
groups with weapons but still what
happened yesterday was one of the most
intense uh attack so far Reports say
that one of those locations hit was a
research center uh in the city of masiaf
uh in the uh hamama province in Syria
believe to uh house Iranian military
experts now there has been some strong
reaction from Iran uh the Iranian
foreign Ministry rejected those reports
suggesting that these were Iranian
facilities or facilities being used by
Iran uh it said these were Iranian uh
these were Syrian uh sites uh and they
also describ these attacks as as a
criminal act by Israel now as you said
there wasn't any reaction from uh Israel
Israel uh rarely reacts to these reports
of strikes inside uh Syria but again I
think this shows you know how tense
these relations between Israel and Iran
uh has Spain uh remember that back in
April the Iranian diplomatic compound in
the Syrian Capital Damascus was hit a
number of senior Iranian military
officers were killed Iran then
retaliated with an unprecedented missile
and drone attack on Israel and most
recently in July the Hamas political
Chief isma was assassinated in tan again
the Israeli military was believed to
have been behind this uh killing uh
which was humiliating security bridge by
uh for the Iranians and Iran has vowed
to retaliate to respond to that
assassination this hasn't happened yet
but again it shows uh that these
tensions between Iran and uh Israel have
been extremely high in recent months